Update the changelog (#1303)
tlswg/tls13-spec: draft-ietf-tls-rfc8446bis.md

##  Relationship to RFC 8446

TLS 1.3 was originally specified in {{?RFC8446}}. This document is a
minor update to TLS 1.3 that retains the same version number and is
backward compatible. It tightens some requirements and contains
updated text in areas which were found to be unclear as well as other
editorial improvements.  In addition, it removes the use of the term
"master" as applied to secrets in favor of the term "main" or shorter
names where no term was necessary. This document makes the following
specific technical changes:

- Forbid negotiating TLS 1.0 and 1.1 as they are now deprecated by {{!RFC8996}}.

- Removes ambiguity around which hash is used with PreSharedKeys and 
  HelloRetryRequest.

- Require that clients ignore NewSessionTicket if they do not
  support resumption.

> - Upgrade the requirement to do KeyUpdates before exceeding
>   key usage limits to MUST.
> 
> - Limit the number of permitted KeyUpdates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Upgrade the requirement to initiate key update before exceeding
  key usage limits to MUST.

- Limit the number of permitted KeyUpdate messages.
```
